---
layout: post
title: Three Wons of Wontons
date: '2021-12-25T15:39:02.000-07:00'
author: Marc Durham
tags: 
modified_time: '2021-12-25T15:39:02.000-07:00'
blogger_orig_url: https://blog.marcdurham.com/2021/12/25-enya.html
---
Yes Enya,
Enya's voice fills my ears, a little too loud actually, it kind of echos.  
Outside the wind blows, the snow swirls around, sticking to the window.  
There was a 'Winter Storm' warning on my phone yesterday, now we have
at least three inches out there.  We're at my parent's house, my wife
and I.

Over 25 years ago I bought an Enya CD, right after I bought my first
stereo.  I remember lying relaxed on the couch in my parents house listening
to Enya with my eyes closed.

Now I'm 45.  I have a house of my own, a wife to share it with, she's my
family, we have a cat and five fish, and two tiny shrimp.  I support it
not alone, but day-in, and day-out, I work, I work to support my family
to pay mortgage, to put money in the accounts so my wife can buy us all
groceries.

I've become a provider, like my father before me, a provider of money
and stability.  I want to keep it all safe.  I want to remove worry
and fear, or I wish I could, from my family.

Of course it's all vanity, anything can change, any day.  This is
life, this is the world as it is.  But not for long.

As I laid here remembering how I used to feel, lying on that couch in
my parents house... how many people have been capable of feeling what
I felt?  How many people have ever felt secure?  How much more secure
could I have felt.  Even then the world was a mess, security was a
dream.

I haven't thought about that feeling in a long time.  I don't know
that I noticed it then.  But now it seems precious.

Something like that feeling cannot exist for no reason.

